hello world-1我🤩

ASCII
Start a new life in the enchanting town of Portia! Restore your Pa's neglected workshop to its former glory by fulfilling commissions, growing crops, raising animals, and befriending the quirky inhabitants of this charming post-apocalyptic land!

ABOUT THIS GAME
Start a new life in the enchanting town of Portia! Restore your Pa's neglected workshop to its former glory by fulfilling commissions, growing crops, raising animals, and befriending the quirky inhabitants of this charming post-apocalyptic land!

Armed with your Pa's old handbook and workbench, you must gather, mine and craft your way to being crowned the number one workshop in Portia. Help the locals rebuild the town and uncover the secrets locked deep away beneath it. Be prepared though…it won't be easy!

The town of Portia is full of friendly new faces for you to meet. Make friends, complete requests, exchange gifts, go on dates and let romance blossom!

Inspired by the magic of Studio Ghibli, My Time at Portia whisks you away to a world of wonder that you won't forget. How will you spend your time at Portia?
Key Features:
BUILD YOUR WORKSHOP: Build your Pa's derelict workshop into the best in Portia! Gather resources and craft your way into the hearts of the local community, as you work through daily commissions and villager requests.


UNLOCK THE NEW CLASS - Become empowered by the secrets of Apocrypha and the forbidden knowledge of Hermaeus Mora. The Arcanist is a powerful new Class capable of destructive, restorative, or defensive magic by channelling the arcane, ancient runes, and lost tomes of power.

ALL-NEW ZONES - Explore the Telvanni Peninsula, home of colossal mushrooms, arcane magic, rocky spires and the capital city of Necrom, additionally, behold the forbidden books of the endless library of Apocrypha.

A COSMIC STORY - The Prince of Fate holds secrets too dangerous for mortals or Daedra to comprehend. Now hidden yet turbulent powers threaten Hermaeus Mora's realm of Apocrypha and if the Daedric Prince's secret is uncovered, it could unravel all of reality.

NEW WARDEN AND ARCANIST CLASS COMPANIONS - Two new allies seek grand quests and glory! Unlock the Arcanist-power-wielding Redguard and Argonian Warden Companions to battle by your side and keep you company on your journey across Tamriel.
COLLECTION†
Purchase The Elder Scrolls Online Collection: Necrom or The Elder Scrolls Online Deluxe Collection: Necrom to get instant access to all major Chapter zones, biomes and quest arcs from across Tamriel. The Collection: Necrom[i/] and Deluxe Collection: Necrom includes the base game, Necrom and all previous Chapters, as below (plus Deluxe items for those who get the Deluxe Collection: Necrom).

Necrom (NEW in 2023)

Unlocks instantly:
High Isle
Blackwood
Greymoor
Elsweyr
Summerset
Morrowind
Base game

†Those who purchase The Elder Scrolls Online Upgrade: Necrom or The Elder Scrolls Online Deluxe Upgrade: Necrom will receive the Necrom Chapter - or Necrom Chapter and Deluxe items, respectively - these versions do not include the previous Chapters or the base game.
